Changelog for v48.23.0 (#2304)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

> # 48.23.0 - July 2, 2020

Author: @ekapner Changelog for Thursday's release

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode-apex

> - Added 8 new apex code snippets ([PR #2262](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2262), [Issue #2261](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/2261)) - Contribution by [lukecotter](https://github.com/lukecotter)

Reviewer: Technically, Apex should be capitalized.

> - Added 8 new Apex code snippets ([PR #2262](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2262), [Issue #2261](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/2261)) - Contribution by [lukecotter](https://github.com/lukecotter)

Author: ```suggestion
- Eight new Apex code snippets ([PR #2262](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2262), [Issue #2261](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/2261)) - Contribution by [lukecotter](https://github.com/lukecotter)
```

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Added tooltips to the org picker and org status bar items ([PR #2272](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2272))

Author: ```suggestion
- Tooltips for Org Picker and Open Org status bar items ([PR #2272](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2272))
```

#### salesforcedx-vscode-lwc

> - Added `SFDX: Stop Watching All Lightning Web Component Tests` command ([PR #2298](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2298))

Author: ```suggestion
- New `SFDX: Stop Watching All Lightning Web Component Tests` command ([PR #2298](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2298))
```

> 

Reviewer 2: @brpowell , remove Added before each line (it's in the Added section) and rephrase as:
Eight new Apex code snippets
Tooltips for Org Picker and Status Bar items
New `SFDX: Stop Watching All Lightning Web Component Tests` command

## Fixed

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Fixed an issue where cancelling a command threw an error ([PR #2280](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2280))

Reviewer 2: @brpowell, rephrase as:
Fix SFDX command throwing an error when canceled.

> - Fixed an issue where cancelling a command threw an error ([PR #2280](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2280))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix SFDX command throwing an error when cancelled ([PR #2280](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2280))
```

#### salesforcedx-vscode-lwc

> - Fixed an issue with the local dev server start and component preview commands failing to run due to encoding issues ([PR #2287](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2287), [Issue #2284](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/2284))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fix `SFDX: Start Local Development Server` and `SFDX: Preview Component Locally` failing to open a browser window due to URL encoding issues ([PR #2287](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2287), [Issue #2284](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/2284))
```
